If animals could talk, which would be the rudest?
Is cereal soup?
How many chickens would it take to kill an elephant?
What sport would be the funniest to add a mandatory amount of alcohol to?
If animals could talk, which would be the rudest?
Would you rather have no nose, or no arms?
How many chickens would it take to kill an elephant?
What sport would be the funniest to add a mandatory amount of alcohol to?
What is your spirit animal?
Which sport do you think they'll invent next?
Do you think cavemen had nightmares about cavewomen?
Who would win in a fight between Superman and Batman?
What animal is the biggest party animal?
If animals could talk, which would be the most boring?
What would be your weapon of choice in a zombie apocalypse?
Where did the name Pina Colada come from?
If animals could talk, which would be the smartest?
Which would you prefer to have as your room-mate? A goat or a bird?
If you were an artist, what would you paint on your first day?
If you could be a fly on the wall, who would you want to listen in on?
If you could be in any movie, what would it be?
If you were a fruit, what fruit would you be?
What is the worst/most annoying catchphrase?
What is the worst song ever?
What would you rather: Have no nose, but have really good smelling fingers? Or be blind but have a really nice smile?
What is the most boring sport?
Which musician do you think would make the best teacher?
What instrument do you think is the most annoying?
If you could be a fictional character, who would you be?
What is the most annoying color?
What Disney princess would make the best spy?
What superhero/villain would make the best therapist?
What fictional character do you think you are most like?
What's the most useless word?
What sound would be the scariest if you could hear it?
What is the coolest sound?
What would you rather have; an arm that regenerates every month, or legs that grows back in every month?
What body part would you like to add?
What body part would you like to remove?
What was your favorite TV show growing up?
What is the most useful invention of all time?
What song would you play if you were at a party?
What's the weirdest thing you've ever eaten?
What's your favorite fruit?
Who was the worst teacher you've ever had?
Who's the most interesting person you've ever met?
Who's your favorite superhero?
What is your favorite holiday?
What do you do on your spare time?
Which smells better, fresh cut grass or bread baking in the oven?
What is the weirdest thing you've ever eaten?
What was the worst or weirdest dream you ever had?
What would be your dream job?
If you could be any type of plant or animal, what would you be?
What would be the hardest thing to give up?
What would be the easiest thing to give up?
What was the most embarrassing moment of your life?
Which would you rather win: The lottery or to be named employee of the month every month?
Would you rather walk around with a salad for a head or broccoli for arms?
Would you rather have no nose, or no arms?
What would be your super power?
If you had to choose one, what would be your favorite fruit?
What would be your least favorite fruit?
What celebrity would you most like to switch lives with?
What does the perfect day look like?
What is the funniest/craziest thing you've ever done?
Do you like pineapple on your pizza?
What do you want to be when you grow up?
What was your first computer game?
What is the craziest bet you've ever made?
If you could have one superpower, what would it be?
If you could travel to any place on Earth, where would you go?
If you could take just one thing with you to a deserted island, what would you choose?
If you had a super power, what would it be?
What is your dream vacation?
What is the most interesting place you've ever been to?
Who would win in a fight between Superman and Batman?
What is the most interesting place you've ever been to?
If you could live anywhere, where would you live?
If you could invite three people to dinner, living or dead, who would you invite?
Would you rather be a professional athlete or an astronaut?